{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f120\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f121\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f123\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f124\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f125\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f126\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f127\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f128\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f130\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f131\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f133\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f134\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}
{\f135\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f136\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f137\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f138\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f140\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}
{\f141\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f143\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f144\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f145\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}
{\f146\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f147\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f148\fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \fs20\loch\f2\hich\af2\dbch\af0 \sbasedon10 \styrsid9646206 
HTML Code;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx916\tx1832\tx2748\tx3664\tx4580\tx5496\tx6412\tx7328\tx8244\tx9160\tx10076\tx10992\tx11908\tx12824\tx13740\tx14656\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 \styrsid9646206 HTML Preformatted;}{\*\cs17 \additive \sbasedon10 \styrsid9646206 il;}{\*\cs18 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 \styrsid9646206 Hyperlink;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\pgptbl {\pgp\ipgp0\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid687125\rsid9646206\rsid10499154\rsid12930246}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\author sadhiq}{\operator sadhiq}
{\creatim\yr2009\mo10\dy22\hr23\min47}{\revtim\yr2009\mo10\dy23\min57}{\version3}{\edmins6}{\nofpages7}{\nofwords1840}{\nofchars10489}{\nofcharsws12305}{\vern24689}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot12930246 \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12930246 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\insrsid12930246\charrsid687125 Sibling Proxies and Sharing Caches
\par }{\insrsid12930246\charrsid687125 
\par Note that in a high-volume situation, or a company with several connections to the Internet, Squid supports a multi-parent, multi-sibling
 hierarchy of caches, provided that all of the caches support ICP. For example, your company may operate two caches, each with their own Internet connection but sharing a common network backbone. Each cache could have a cache_peer line in the configuratio
n file such as:
\par 
\par    cache_peer theotherproxy.yournetwork.com sibling 3128 3130
\par 
\par Note that the peer specification has changed to sibling, which means that we will fetch files from the other cache if they are present there, otherwise we will use our own Internet connection.
\par 
\par 
\par How do I configure Squid forward all requests to another proxy?
\par 
\par First, you need to give Squid a parent cache. Second, you need to tell Squid it can not connect directly to origin servers. This is done with three configuration file lines:
\par 
\par cache_peer parentcache.foo.com parent 3128 0 no-query default
\par never_direct allow all
\par 
\par Note, with this configuration, if the parent cache fails or becomes unreachable, then every request will result in an error message.
\par 
\par In case you want to be able to use direct connections when all the parents go down you should use a different approach:
\par 
\par cache_peer parentcache.foo.com parent 3128 0 no-query
\par prefer_direct off
\par 
\par for parent cache without icp used and  tcp connection used
\par 
\par Sample configuration:
\par 
\par         local_domain mydomain.net
\par         cache_host cache.isp.net parent 3128 3130 no-query default
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid10499154 
\par }{\f2\fs20\insrsid12930246 
\par 
\par }{\f2\fs20\insrsid12930246\charrsid12930246 http://gofedora.com/how-to-configure-hierarchicy-proxy-servers-squid/
\par }{\f2\fs20\insrsid12930246 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\f2\fs20\insrsid9646206\charrsid9646206 http://mail.google.com/mail/?ui=2&ik=e787243d9f&view=att&th=11f61ad334d3d0d9&attid=0.1&disp=vah&realattid=f_fr0z02do1&zw}{\f2\fs20\insrsid12930246\charrsid9646206 
\par }{\f2\fs20\insrsid12930246 
\par }{\f2\fs20\insrsid9646206 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid9646206 {\insrsid9646206 There are two "par\-ent" prox\-ies in this file which this per\-son\-al proxy can ac\-cess. Ob\-vi\-ous\-ly, re\-place }{
\cs15\f2\fs20\insrsid9646206 user\-name}{\insrsid9646206  and }{\cs15\f2\fs20\insrsid9646206 pass\-word}{\insrsid9646206  with your own au\-then\-ti\-ca\-tion in\-for\-ma\-tion. Al\-so, don't for\-get to change }{\cs15\f2\fs20\insrsid9646206 cache_ef\-fec
\-tive_user}{\insrsid9646206  and }{\cs15\f2\fs20\insrsid9646206 cache_ef\-fec\-tive_group}{\insrsid9646206  to your lik\-ing or your dis\-tro. Change the }{\cs15\f2\fs20\insrsid9646206 cache_re\-place\-ment_pol\-i\-cy}{\insrsid9646206 
 to fit your caching needs, and fi\-nal\-ly, make sure to ed\-it the }{\cs15\f2\fs20\insrsid9646206 acl lo\-cal-servers}{\insrsid9646206  to spec\-i\-fy which servers you do not want to proxy. 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx916\tx1832\tx2748\tx3664\tx4580\tx5496\tx6412\tx7328\tx8244\tx9160\tx10076\tx10992\tx11908\tx12824\tx13740\tx14656\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid9646206 
\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs15\insrsid9646206 cache_ef\-fec\-tive_user proxy # Ubun\-tu-speci\-fic?}{\insrsid9646206 \line }{\cs15\insrsid9646206 cache_ef\-fec\-tive_group proxy # Ubun\-tu-speci\-fic?}{\insrsid9646206 
\line \line }{\cs15\insrsid9646206 http_port 3128}{\insrsid9646206 \line }{\cs15\insrsid9646206 http_ac\-cess al\-low all}{\insrsid9646206 \line \line }{\cs15\insrsid9646206 cache_peer prx1 par\-ent 3128 3190 no-query login=user\-name:pass}{
\insrsid9646206 \line }{\cs15\insrsid9646206 
\par cache_peer prx2 par\-ent 3128 3190 no-query login=user\-name:pass}{\insrsid9646206 \line }{\cs15\insrsid9646206 cache_peer_ac\-cess prx1 al\-low all}{\insrsid9646206 \line }{\cs15\insrsid9646206 cache_peer_ac\-cess prx2 al\-low all}{\insrsid9646206 \line 
\line }{\cs15\insrsid9646206 hier\-ar\-chy_sto\-plist cgi-bin ?}{\insrsid9646206 \line \line }{\cs15\insrsid9646206 cache_mem 64 MB # How much mem\-o\-ry }{\cs17\insrsid9646206 Squid}{\cs15\insrsid9646206  us\-es for cache.}{\insrsid9646206 \line }{
\cs15\insrsid9646206 
\par                 # Make low\-er if you have less mem\-o\-ry}{\insrsid9646206 \line }{\cs15\insrsid9646206 max\-i\-mum_ob\-ject_size_in_mem}{\cs15\insrsid9646206 \-}{\cs15\insrsid9646206 o\-ry 64 KB # Make low\-er if you have less mem\-o\-ry}{
\insrsid9646206 \line \line }{\cs15\insrsid9646206 cache_re\-place\-ment_pol\-i\-cy heap LFU\-DA}{\insrsid9646206 \line }{\cs15\insrsid9646206 cache_dir aufs /var/spool/squid3 6000 16 256}{\insrsid9646206 \line }{\cs15\insrsid9646206 
\par max\-i\-mum_ob\-ject_size 16384 KB}{\insrsid9646206 \line \line }{\cs15\insrsid9646206 ac\-cess_log /var/log/squid3/ac\-cess.log }{\cs17\insrsid9646206 squid}{\insrsid9646206 \line \line }{\cs15\insrsid9646206 shut\-down_life\-time 1 sec\-ond}{
\insrsid9646206 \line \line }{\cs15\insrsid9646206 acl lo\-cal-servers dst 127.0.0.1 }{\field\fldedit{\*\fldinst {\cs15\insrsid9646206  HYPERLINK "http://192.168.1.0/24" \\t "_blank" }}{\fldrslt {\cs18\ul\cf2\insrsid9646206 192.168.1.0/24}}}{
\insrsid9646206 \line }{\cs15\insrsid9646206 nev\-er_di\-rect deny lo\-cal-servers}{\insrsid9646206 \line }{\cs15\insrsid9646206 
\par nev\-er_di\-rect al\-low all}{\insrsid9646206 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f2\fs20\insrsid9646206 
\par }{\f2\fs20\insrsid12930246 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\f2\fs20\insrsid10499154 #\tab #                                        proxy  icp
\par #\tab #          hostname             type     port   port  options
\par #\tab #          -------------------- -------- ----- -----  -----------
\par #\tab cache_peer parent.foo.net       parent    3128  3130  [proxy-only]
\par #\tab cache_peer sib1.foo.net         sibling   3128  3130  [proxy-only]
\par #\tab cache_peer sib2.foo.net         sibling   3128  3130  [proxy-only]
\par #
\par #\tab       type:  either 'parent', 'sibling', or 'multicast'.
\par #
\par #\tab proxy_port:  The port number where the cache listens for proxy
\par #\tab \tab      requests.
\par #
\par #\tab   icp_port:  Used for querying neighbor caches about
\par #\tab \tab      objects.  To have a non-ICP neighbor
\par #\tab \tab      specify '7' for the ICP port and make sure the
\par #\tab \tab      neighbor machine has the UDP echo port
\par #\tab \tab      enabled in its /etc/inetd.conf file.
\par #
\par #\tab     options: proxy-only
\par #\tab \tab      weight=n
\par #\tab \tab      ttl=n
\par #\tab \tab      no-query
\par #\tab \tab      default
\par #\tab \tab      round-robin
\par #\tab \tab      multicast-responder
\par #\tab \tab      closest-only
\par #\tab \tab      no-digest
\par #\tab \tab      no-netdb-exchange
\par #\tab \tab      no-delay
\par #\tab \tab      login=user:password | PASS | *:password
\par #\tab \tab      connect-timeout=nn
\par #\tab \tab      digest-url=url
\par #\tab \tab      allow-miss
\par #\tab \tab      max-conn
\par #\tab \tab      htcp
\par #\tab \tab      htcp-oldsquid
\par #\tab \tab      carp-load-factor
\par #\tab \tab      originserver
\par #\tab \tab      userhash
\par #\tab \tab      sourcehash
\par #\tab \tab      name=xxx
\par #\tab \tab      monitorurl=url
\par #\tab \tab      monitorsize=sizespec
\par #\tab \tab      monitorinterval=seconds
\par #\tab \tab      monitortimeout=seconds
\par #\tab \tab      group=name
\par #\tab \tab      forceddomain=name
\par #\tab \tab      ssl
\par #\tab \tab      sslcert=/path/to/ssl/certificate
\par #\tab \tab      sslkey=/path/to/ssl/key
\par #\tab \tab      sslversion=1|2|3|4
\par #\tab \tab      sslcipher=...
\par #\tab \tab      ssloptions=...
\par #\tab \tab      front-end-https[=on|auto]
\par #\tab \tab      connection-auth[=on|off|auto]
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use 'proxy-only' to specify objects fetched
\par #\tab \tab      from this cache should not be saved locally.
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use 'weight=n' to specify a weighted parent.
\par #\tab \tab      The weight must be an integer.  The default weight
\par #\tab \tab      is 1, larger weights are favored more.
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use 'ttl=n' to specify a IP multicast TTL to use
\par #\tab \tab      when sending an ICP queries to this address.
\par #\tab \tab      Only useful when sending to a multicast group.
\par #\tab \tab      Because we don't accept ICP replies from random
\par #\tab \tab      hosts, you must configure other group members as
\par #\tab \tab      peers with the 'multicast-responder' option below.
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use 'no-query' to NOT send ICP queries to this
\par #\tab \tab      neighbor.
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use 'default' if this is a parent cache which can
\par #\tab \tab      be used as a "last-resort." You should probably
\par #\tab \tab      only use 'default' in situations where you cannot
\par #\tab \tab      use ICP with your parent cache(s).
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use 'round-robin' to define a set of parents which
\par #\tab \tab      should be used in a round-robin fashion in the
\par #\tab \tab      absence of any ICP queries.
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      'multicast-responder' indicates the named peer
\par #\tab \tab      is a member of a multicast group.  ICP queries will
\par #\tab \tab      not be sent directly to the peer, but ICP replies
\par #\tab \tab      will be accepted from it.
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      'closest-only' indicates that, for ICP_OP_MISS
\par #\tab \tab      replies, we'll only forward CLOSEST_PARENT_MISSes
\par #\tab \tab      and never FIRST_PARENT_MISSes.
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use 'no-digest' to NOT request cache digests from
\par #\tab \tab      this neighbor.
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      'no-netdb-exchange' disables requesting ICMP
\par #\tab \tab      RTT database (NetDB) from the neighbor.
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use 'no-delay' to prevent access to this neighbor
\par #\tab \tab      from influencing the delay pools.
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use 'login=user:password' if this is a personal/workgroup
\par #\tab \tab      proxy and your parent requires proxy authentication.
\par #\tab \tab      Note: The string can include URL escapes (i.e. %20 for
\par #\tab \tab      spaces). This also means % must be written as %%.
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use 'login=PASS' to forward authentication to the peer.
\par #\tab \tab      Needed if the peer requires login.
\par #\tab \tab      Note: To combine this with local authentication the Basic
\par #\tab \tab      authentication scheme must be used, and both servers must
\par #\tab \tab      share the same user database as HTTP only allows for
\par #\tab \tab      a single login (one for proxy, one for origin server).
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use 'login=*:password' to pass the username to the
\par #\tab \tab      upstream cache, but with a fixed password. This is meant
\par #\tab \tab      to be used when the peer is in another administrative
\par #\tab \tab      domain, but it is still needed to identify each user.
\par #\tab \tab      The star can optionally be followed by some extra
\par #\tab \tab      information which is added to the username. This can
\par #\tab \tab      be used to identify this proxy to the peer, similar to
\par #\tab \tab      the login=username:password option above.
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use 'connect-timeout=nn' to specify a peer
\par #\tab \tab      specific connect timeout (also see the
\par #\tab \tab      peer_connect_timeout directive)
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use 'digest-url=url' to tell Squid to fetch the cache
\par #\tab \tab      digest (if digests are enabled) for this host from
\par #\tab \tab      the specified URL rather than the Squid default
\par #\tab \tab      location.
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use 'allow-miss' to disable Squid's use of only-if-cached
\par #\tab \tab      when forwarding requests to siblings. This is primarily
\par #\tab \tab      useful when icp_hit_stale is used by the sibling. To
\par #\tab \tab      extensive use of this option may result in forwarding
\par #\tab \tab      loops, and you should avoid having two-way peerings
\par #\tab \tab      with this option. (for example to deny peer usage on
\par #\tab \tab      requests from peer by denying cache_peer_access if the
\par #\tab \tab      source is a peer)
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use 'max-conn' to limit the amount of connections Squid
\par #\tab \tab      may open to this peer.
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use 'htcp' to send HTCP, instead of ICP, queries
\par #\tab \tab      to the neighbor.  You probably also want to
\par #\tab \tab      set the "icp port" to 4827 instead of 3130.
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use 'htcp-oldsquid' to send HTCP to old Squid versions
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use 'carp-load-factor=f' to define a parent
\par #\tab \tab      cache as one participating in a CARP array.
\par #\tab \tab      The 'f' values for all CARP parents must add
\par #\tab \tab      up to 1.0.
\par #\tab \tab  
\par #\tab \tab      'originserver' causes this parent peer to be contacted as
\par #\tab \tab      a origin server. Meant to be used in accelerator setups.
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use 'userhash' to load-balance amongst a set of parents
\par #\tab \tab      based on the client proxy_auth or ident username.
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use 'sourcehash' to load-balanse amongs a set of parents
\par #\tab \tab      based on the client source ip.
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use 'name=xxx' if you have multiple peers on the same
\par #\tab \tab      host but different ports. This name can then be used to
\par #\tab \tab      differentiate the peers in cache_peer_access and similar
\par #\tab \tab      directives.
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use 'monitorurl=url' to have periodically request a given
\par #\tab \tab      URL from the peer, and only consider the peer as alive
\par #\tab \tab      if this monitoring is successful (default none)
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use 'monitorsize=min[-max]' to limit the size range of 
\par #\tab \tab      'monitorurl' replies considered valid. Defaults to 0 to
\par #\tab \tab      accept any size replies as valid.
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use 'monitorinterval=seconds' to change frequency of
\par #\tab \tab      how often the peer is monitored with 'monitorurl'
\par #\tab \tab      (default 300 for a 5 minute interval). If set to 0
\par #\tab \tab      then monitoring is disabled even if a URL is defined.
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use 'monitortimeout=seconds' to change the timeout of
\par #\tab \tab      'monitorurl'. Defaults to 'monitorinterval'.
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use 'forceddomain=name' to forcibly set the Host header
\par #\tab \tab      of requests forwarded to this peer. Useful in accelerator
\par #\tab \tab      setups where the server (peer) expects a certain domain
\par #\tab \tab      name and using redirectors to feed this domain name
\par #\tab \tab      is not feasible.
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use 'ssl' to indicate that connections to this peer should
\par #\tab \tab      bs SSL/TLS encrypted.
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use 'sslcert=/path/to/ssl/certificate' to specify a client
\par #\tab \tab      SSL certificate to use when connecting to this peer.
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use 'sslkey=/path/to/ssl/key' to specify the private SSL
\par #\tab \tab      key corresponding to sslcert above. If 'sslkey' is not
\par #\tab \tab      specified then 'sslcert' is assumed to reference a
\par #\tab \tab      combined file containing both the certificate and the key.
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use sslversion=1|2|3|4 to specify the SSL version to use
\par #\tab \tab      when connecting to this peer
\par #\tab \tab \tab 1 = automatic (default)
\par #\tab \tab \tab 2 = SSL v2 only
\par #\tab \tab \tab 3 = SSL v3 only
\par #\tab \tab \tab 4 = TLS v1 only
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use sslcipher=... to specify the list of valid SSL ciphers
\par #\tab \tab      to use when connecting to this peer.
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use ssloptions=... to specify various SSL engine options:
\par #\tab \tab \tab NO_SSLv2  Disallow the use of SSLv2
\par #\tab \tab \tab NO_SSLv3  Disallow the use of SSLv3
\par #\tab \tab \tab NO_TLSv1  Disallow the use of TLSv1
\par #\tab \tab      See src/ssl_support.c or the OpenSSL documentation for
\par #\tab \tab      a more complete list.
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use sslcafile=... to specify a file containing
\par #\tab \tab      additional CA certificates to use when verifying the
\par #\tab \tab      peer certificate.
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use sslcapath=... to specify a directory containing
\par #\tab \tab      additional CA certificates to use when verifying the
\par #\tab \tab      peer certificate.
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use sslcrlfile=... to specify a certificate revocation
\par #\tab \tab      list file to use when verifying the peer certificate.
\par #
\par #\tab \tab      use sslflags=... to specify various flags modifying the
\par #\tab \tab      SSL implementation:
\par #\tab \tab \tab DONT_VERIFY_PEER
\par #\tab \tab \tab \tab Accept certificates even if they fail to
\par #\tab \tab \tab \tab verify.
\par #\tab \tab \tab NO_DEFAULT_CA\tab 
\par #\tab \tab \tab \tab Don't use the default CA list built in
\par #\tab \tab \tab \tab to OpenSSL.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par http://linuxdevcenter.com/pub/a/linux/2001/09/17/squidpeering.html?page=1
\par #
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid10499154 
\par }}